good to keep a skin
spectacular and healthy in all stages
of life you have to take care
specific the genetic line of
lancôme is wonderful because
has the elixir of youth within
a bottle
has this magic serum that we 're going to
apply when we have our face
clean the way to do it is very
simple
we put a few droplets three we do not need
more and we put it in the fingers and go
to apply taps will help
that the product is absorbed and we are going to
stimulate the skin in this way
we continue with the moisturizer very
important also cover the area of
neck we do not want our face to be
young and that our neck is all
wrinkled and
then we are going to put the eye contour
with this debit because this little finger
because it is the one that has less force the
let's put in the following way in
tapping way too
the properties that this product has
It will help to recover the smooth texture
of the skin helps to fill lines
expression and it will give an appearance
couple in color this line is ideal
for women from the age of 25 and
for more mature women will help
recover the youthful texture of being a woman
it's an art come to falabella